# InstrumentExchange

```py
class InstrumentExchange(object, metaclass=ABCMeta):
    """An abstract instrument exchange for use within a trading environment."""

    def __init__(self, base_instrument: str = 'USD', dtype: TypeString = np.float16, feature_pipeline: FeaturePipeline = None):
        """
        Arguments:
            base_instrument: The exchange symbol of the instrument to store/measure value in.
            dtype: A type or str corresponding to the dtype of the `observation_space`.
            feature_pipeline: A pipeline of feature transformations for transforming observations.
        """
        self._base_instrument = base_instrument
        self._dtype = dtype
        self._feature_pipeline = feature_pipeline
```


## Key Subjects
* Abstract of all other exchanges
* Accepts base_instrument and any feature_pipeline as a set of parameters.
* Properties:
  * base_precision - The floating point precision of the base instrument.
  * instrument_precision - The floating point precision of the instrument to be traded.
  * initial_balance - The initial balance of the base symbol on the exchange.
  * balance - The current balance of the base symbol on the exchange
  * portfolio - The current balance of each symbol on the exchange (non-positive balances excluded).
  * trades - A list of trades made on the exchange since the last reset.
  * performance - The performance of the active account on the exchange since the last reset.
  * generated_space - The initial shape of the observations generated by the exchange, before feature transformations
  * generated_columns - The list of column names of the observation data frame generated by the exchange, before feature transformations.
  * observation_space - The final shape of the observations generated by the exchange, after feature transformations
  * net_worth - Calculate the net worth of the active account on the exchange
  * profit_loss_percent - Calculate the percentage change in net worth since the last reset.
* Abstracted Methods:
  * has_next_observation - If `False`, the exchange's data source has run out of observations.
  * _create_observation_generator - Generate the next observation from the exchange.
  * current_price - The current balance of the specified symbol on the exchange, denoted in the base instrument.
  * execute_trade - Execute a trade on the exchange, accounting for slippage.
  * reset - Reset the feature pipeline, initial balance, trades, performance, and any other temporary stateful data.